### UPDATED QUIZ APP GAME ####

***
This project contains python files that add up to create a quiz game for a user. The objective of this project is to test the general knowledge of people across different topics.
***
Random questions were sampled from the  OPEN TRIVIA DATABASE.
This database provides a completely free JSON API use in programming projects, however, this APi does not require any API keys. All you need to do is to generate a URL to retrieve trivia questions from the database.
***
***
### python modules used in the project.
* TKinter
* html unescaped module
* Object Oriented progmming OOP, thus importing one module into another module.
* **

___
 ### The User Interface(UI) ###
The UI is designed using a canvas and tkinter widgets. 
On running the main.py file, a user interface pops up the screen showing you a canvas with a question text as 
well as two button.❌ ✅ . 
To proceed with the quiz, a player has to click on either of the 
buttons below to move to the next question.
___
### Note 
This quiz contains 10 boolean questions that have been randomized.
Once a player gets an answer right by clicking on a button below, the canvas changes color from 
white to green , and changes from white to red when the wrong button is
clicked. As the quiz continues, scores of the user is being
populated at the top right side of the window. 

***
*** 
Once the quiz comes to an end, re-run the main.py file to play again as a whole new set of questions is been generated by the Trivia Database.

